Get to know me:My name is Laysha Chaparro. I am from Los Lunas, New Mexico, a small town south of Albuquerque. I am a third year, senior, majoring in psychology and Spanish with a minor in interdisciplinary arts and communications and journalism. As of right now, I am involved in LoboTHON, I am the media chair which mainly focuses on advertising our philanthropy, and ensuring that all our social networking is up-to-date and working for students to access. I am also a program assistant for El Centro de la Raza focusing on managing the El Puente Research Fellowship alongside my supervisor. Last semester I was involved in the undergraduate student government, however, this year I am dedicating my time to focusing on applying and preparing for graduate school. My future plans involve attending a masters of arts in counseling program. I would love to offer culturally appropriate and bilingual services in counseling, as I am a Spanish native speaker.My why: The reason I fell in love with psychology and more specifically culturally appropriate clinical counseling was because  of my experience as an El Puente Fellow last year. As a fellow, you are encouraged to understand and connect critical issues in your community to your field of study, research question, and literature review. I based my research on Latina women, health and culture. I focused my research on Postpartum Depression, specifically how it impacted Mexican women living in the United States as first generation migrants. Furthermore, I chose to focus on developing and preparing a thought out research proposal from a gap in female health resources, especially in Latin cultured females suffering from PPD. What I found was that this group of Latina women were suffering from low resources, low awareness, larger risk factors, cultural taboos, gender based norms and the lack of social support from their family and society. This research gave me the opportunity to reflect on my community and how we are impacted by mental health. I found that the small number of services offered to these communities, lacked being racially diverse, bilingual, and culturally/ linguistically diverse. This shocked me. Not only was my community suffering with mental health issues, but they were lacking the appropriate services and resources. This is why I want to participate in the psychology field and target my abilities to help my own community with the disadvantages that are faced in the medical field.